hey how's it going guys my name is Dave
2d and I wanted to tell you about a neat
little feature I found on iOS 8 that
lets you use your phone or your tablet
in a night mode so this gives you the
option of making your screen even dimmer
than factory settings if you've ever
turned on your screen late at night or
if you're using your phone while in bed
sometimes that dim is setting just isn't
dim enough it can be quite bright so
this lets you dim it by like 50% or so
the feature itself is buried in a couple
layers of accessibility menus so it
takes a little bit to set up your phone
to use this night mode the very first
time it's not just like a simple switch
but you only have to do it once and then
afterwards it's pretty easy to toggle it
on and off so here's how you do it ok go
into your Settings app into general and
then to accessibility in there go into
the zoom tab and turn zoom on as well as
show controller on you'll see a
rectangle and a little joystick show up
tap the joystick tap on to choose a
filter and select low light it'll send
you back up a menu now move the slider
all the way to the left then taps
we're outside of the pop up and then
click on zoom' region click full screen
zoom then exit the zoom region menu turn
show controller off turn the zoom off
and there's one last step exit the zoom
tab and at the bottom of the
accessibility menu that you'll see
something called accessibility shortcut
tap on that click on zoom and this turns
on your triple tap function so if you
want to turn the night mode on triple
tap your home button to turn it back off
triple tap again and here turning it on
and off and once more just for kicks
turn it back on and off so I hope this
video was helpful for some of you guys
I know I've personally had issues with
using my phone in the dark maybe I have
really sensitive eyes or something but
now you can use your phone without being
blinded I just remember to turn off
night mode when you're done with it and
so yeah if you liked my video like it if
you want to sub so now I know you're
thinking you know Dave 2d you have one
video and I've already seen it so why am
i subbing so you know how sometimes you
hear about that guy who bought Apple
stock at like 10 bucks now you can be
that guy all right it's been nice I'll
see you guys next time
you